update dynamic notification for map/ camera (#236)
home-assistant/companion.home-assistant: docs/notifications/dynamic-content.md

      latitude: "40.785091"
      longitude: "-73.968285"
```

> Be aware, that if you send a map you MUST send a push category which has to be called map, map1, map2, map3, ... otherwise you won't get the map delivered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be aware, that to send a map you must send a push `category` which has to be called `map`, `map1`, `map2`, `map3` or `map4`  otherwise you won't get the map delivered.
```

These are the only 5 possible values.

            authenticationRequired: true
            destructive: true
```

> Be aware, that if you send a camera image you MUST send a push category which has to be called camera, camera1, camera2, camera3, ... otherwise you won't get the camera image delivered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be aware, that to send a camera image you must send a push category which has to be called `camera`, `camera1`, `camera2`, `camera3` or `camera4` otherwise you won't get the camera image delivered.
```

Same as for `map` there are only five acceptable values. Also I think this is probably better placed after the previous code block say line 70?
